Bluetooth: Enocean: Added EnOcean library (#1845)
NordicPlayground/fw-nrfconnect-nrf: include/bluetooth/enocean.rst

#. Press and hold the same button again for more than 7 seconds before releasing it.

The switch will transmit its security key, which the library picks up and stores before calling the :cpp:member:`bt_enocean_callbacks::commissioned` callback.

To exit the commissioning mode on a wall switch device, press any of the other buttons on the switch.
The library will now be reporting button presses through the :cpp:member:`bt_enocean_callbacks::button` callback.

Commissioning sensor units
--------------------------

To have the EnOcean Easyfit sensor unit modules publish their security key, short-press the front button of the device.
The library registers the security key and stores it before calling :cpp:member:`bt_enocean_callbacks::commissioned`.

The sensor unit never enters the commissioning mode.
After publishing its security key, the sensor unit automatically goes back to reporting sensor readings at periodic intervals.

.. note::
   EnOcean devices may be configured to disable radio-based commissioning through NFC.
   In such case, the security key must be obtained through manual input.

Observing output
****************

> After commissioning an EnOcean device, its activity may be monitored through the :ref:bt_enocean_handlers callback functions passed to :ref:bt_enocean_init.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After commissioning an EnOcean device, its activity may be monitored through the 
:cpp:type:`bt_enocean_handlers` callback functions passed to :cpp:func:`bt_enocean_init`.
```

> See the :ref:enocean_sample for a demonstration of the handler callback functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the :ref:`enocean_sample` for a demonstration of the handler callback functions.
```

.. _bt_enocean_readme:

Bluetooth EnOcean
#################

The Bluetooth EnOcean library allows passive observation of BLE-based wall switches and sensors from `EnOcean`_, such as the Push Button Transmitter Module 215B wall switch module (PTM 215B) and the Easyfit Motion Detector with Illumination Sensor module (EMDCB sensor).
This means that you can only observe the output of the devices, without sending anything.

> Although the EnOcean devices offer the two-way interaction, this library does not support it.

Author: Suggested change:

> The library is only capable of observing the output of the devices, and does not send anything back. NFC-based configuration is not supported.

The library supports different types of commissioning for both wall switches and sensors:

    * radio-based commissioning,

>     * manually inputting data from other commissioning methods, such as NFC or QR codes.

Author: Is this the preferred punctuation for lists (the comma on the first line, period on the second)?

The library supports replay protection based on sequence numbers.
Only new, authenticated packets from commissioned devices will go through to the event callbacks.

If the :option:`CONFIG_BT_SETTINGS` subsystem is enabled, the device information of all commissioned devices are stored persistently using the :ref:`zephyr:settings` subsystem, including the sequence number information.

> For the demonstration of the library features, see the :ref:`enocean_sample` sample.

Author: *a* demonstration?

.. _bt_enocean_devices:

Supported devices
=================

This library supports both PTM 215B-based switches and the BLE-enabled sensor module:

* `Easyfit Single/Double Rocker Wall Switch for BLE - EWSSB/EWSDB`_
* `Easyfit Single/Double Rocker Pad for BLE - ESRPB/EDRPB`_
* `Easyfit Motion Detector with Illumination Sensor - EMDCB`_

> Single rocker switches work differently with the library than double rocker devices.

Author: This is inaccurate. Single rocker switches work the same way, but they only engage switch 3 and 4. I don't think it's necessary to mention this here, really.

See `API documentation`_ for details.

By default, the library supports one EnOcean device, and the :ref:`enocean_sample` sample supports only up to four devices.

> However, when using the library with your application, you can configure the limit of supported devices to a higher number.

Author: Is it necessary to mention the sample here?

How about

> The number of EnOcean devices the library can observe can be configured through the :option:`CONFIG_BT_ENOCEAN_DEVICES_MAX`. By default, the library only supports a single device at the time.

Commissioning wall switches
---------------------------

EnOcean Easyfit wall switches may be put into the commissioning mode by completing the following sequence:

1. Press and hold one of the buttons for more than 7 seconds before releasing it.
#. Quickly press and release the same button (hold for less than 2 seconds).
#. Press and hold the same button again for more than 7 seconds before releasing it.

The switch will transmit its security key, which the library picks up and stores before calling the :cpp:member:`bt_enocean_callbacks::commissioned` callback.

To exit the commissioning mode on a wall switch device, press any of the other buttons on the switch.
The library will now be reporting button presses through the :cpp:member:`bt_enocean_callbacks::button`.

Commissioning sensor units
--------------------------

To have the EnOcean Easyfit sensor unit modules publish their security key, short-press the front button of the device.
The library registers the security key and stores it before calling :cpp:member:`bt_enocean_callbacks::commissioned`.

The sensor unit never enters the commissioning mode.

> It just sends commissioning messages on the button press.

Author: Suggested rephrase:

> After publishing their security key, the sensor unit automatically goes back to reporting its sensor readings at periodic intervals.

.. note::
   EnOcean devices may be configured to disable radio-based commissioning through NFC.
   In such case, the security key must be obtained through manual input.

Observing output
****************

To observe the output of the EnOcean devices, integrate the library with your application.
See the :ref:`enocean_sample` sample for an example of such integration that uses an nRF board for observation.

.. enocean_observing_output_start

The observer device forwards incoming advertisements to the EnOcean library for processing.
The application receives events from the EnOcean library through callbacks, and prints the outcome to console.

> The LEDs of the board also respond to button presses from an EnOcean switch.

Author: This describes the sample, not the library. Users of the library do not have to print to console or change LEDs. I don't think this section is required at all, really, but if we need to have something for the post-commissioning phase, I suggest just putting the following sentence:

> After commissioning an EnOcean device, its activity may be monitored through the :ref:`bt_enocean_handlers` callback functions passed to :ref:`bt_enocean_init`. See the :ref:`enocean_sample` for a demonstration of the handler callback functions.
